Ques: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Ans: It compares two files and for a short file, i can easily detect the differences and remove bugs. It is an helpful tool.

Ques: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in long term?
Ans: Actually, as a programmer when we write code, then we changes and modifies our code casually. Sometimes a change can be drastic enough and we cant figure out how to handle it and we keep pressing Ctrl+Z and undo it. But sometimes it is hard to back to previous state. So, history of a file is very useful in this case.

Ques: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
Ans: Manually choosing in Git is good because when we did a significant change and that is need to be remembered and if later versions need to be rolled back we can see which version to load.
Also, sometimes if we forgot to commit using Git, then AutoSave option in Google Docs is more useful.

Ques: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Ans: I think its a good idea to save multiple files with a single commit because it maintains consistency between files.

Ques: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Ans: git log command shows the history of all the commits done to the project with specific id and statement used for particular commit. 
git diff command is used to compare two files i.e., checking two versions of projects by comparing the ids we get as output in git log command. 

Ques: 
Ans: I dont completely understand git checkout command but as far i have understood it is used to get back to previous versions of the project.

Ques: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using GIT for?
Ans: It is quite fascinating to use commands to do the work. I am using windows since long or since i have started using computers. I think i wil sure switch to unix after completion of this course.